hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
to a squad builder I have here for you
chaps and chats now I know I haven't
done one in a little while and I do
apologize for that but do let me know in
the comments if you'd like to see more
squad builders just so I can gauge this
sort of interest in them and today I'm
going to be going through a few
different things there's going to be
some players in this team that you guys
have seen time and time again but
they're all gonna sand be some players
so you guys may have not seen before I
really like the squad room for me I find
it quite an interesting squad as well so
one of those players you guys are
probably all very familiar with is in
fact blue phone booth on is just a great
keeper in this game all round a really
solid and to complement him you have
chiellini who obviously gets that really
good chemistry link with him because he
plays for Juventus aventis and is also
Italian and his counterpart will be all
gonna hog Bona is just one of those
centre-backs that is so so strong in
this game he's very much like the David
Luiz of the Serie A League and one of
the weird chemistry glitches is you
actually have to back out sometimes to
show the correct chemistry and as you
can see all three of those guys
obviously get nine chemistry you know
they're all Italian and they all play in
this area so that is just an awesome
recipe for good chemistry and this team
is gonna have a whole bunch of different
elements to begin with we're gonna start
with sort of a serie a theme to it and
then we obviously have Chris Ito here on
the left back who's Italian links up
nicely with Chiellini but the reason why
i have Chris c2 and there is because of
the center midfield link that he is
gonna have shortly I'm coming in at
right-back we have our first Liga BBVA
link and it's gonna be a right back and
you know this player here is gonna be
one fron I think I use how you say his
name and he's definitely not my number
one choice as far as right back goes but
he's actually just a solid right back he
stays in the position when you need him
to he's got ok pace on him and he's just
an all-round okay centre-back yeah right
back sorry so he does the job that he
needs to he I wouldn't say he's
outstanding by any means but he does
what he needs to do and most importantly
he's in the position where you know he
doesn't fly all the way all the way up
down the right wing and ends up getting
caught out of position because I'm you
know this defensive line is already
really solid but to link up with him we
have been at the nat is anime
easing player literally his free-kick
stats are something like 99 96 and 97 or
something like that they are absolutely
ridiculous and as like i said earlier
Chris Ito does have that Zenit link with
Danny its center midfielder and then we
just have one center midfielder link and
this puts the whole team together I'm
the player that I'm about to add in but
Bennett really really impressive players
seriously I can't really say too much
about him you know you might be turned
off a little bit by his pace but
honestly I'm when it comes to the
midfield of a 433 formation it really
doesn't make too much of a difference
and to finalize the midfield we do have
parallel and Pirlo in this game is just
a masterclass it really really is um I
don't really know what else to say about
am I if you haven't used them already
you guys are seriously missing out he
picks out passes like no other and with
the 433 formation you'll find that the
winners that have so much space that you
need someone in that midfielder who can
pick out those particular players benya
another player who can just his long
shots are really really good
unfortunately I don't actually have any
of his long Charles in this particular
clip as I might be doing a review on him
i'm not entirely sure because i really
do think he is that good unfortunately
he does only have two star skills though
so that could be a bit of a letdown to
anyone who relies heavily on skills in
this game then as strike you have
rodrigo a huge favor of mine in this
game i played him in one of my spanish
non rare sites he is a monster then on
left wing a player that i hadn't used
with much before this particular team
varela I talk a little bit about him
then a right wing we have chef friend
Jeff friend is another player that I'll
talk a little bit about as we get on to
the goals of this entire thing and
unfortunately due to a little chemistry
bug you do have to leave ultimate team
then quickly come back in this is a 97
chemistry razor team and I know there
might be a few people like Cal why is it
not 99 and that's because danny is
center mid but for me danny is such a
key player in this team that I feel as
though it's okay for him to be on 7
chemistry you know you could get this to
a 99 chemistry team if you were really
wanting that but for me Danny was just
such a key player that I really wanted
him involved in the plot in the team so
you could still very much have this team
maybe you just have to change the center
midfielder from Danny to a different one
and possibly have to change
left-back but let me talk a little bit
about the team and more importantly the
attacking options that I haven't really
gone into too much yet so um right wing
we have chef friend Jeff Ron's ball
control is incredible that's probably
the the big thing that separates him
from all of the other right wings that I
played with you know his bowl control is
really sweet his left foot he's got a
really nice left foot which actually
works really well because he does play
on the right wing it means you can cut
inside and you can fire off on his left
foot and that is really important in my
opinion and then we have varela are left
winger varela is an underrated player a
lot of people who don't have Ronaldo or
just instantly jump to the fact that
they need to just put in an e instead
because he is Portuguese but honestly I
much prefer varela to nani in this game
he is so good on his feet he's got good
dribbling his step over skills are
actually really impressive as well that
guy caught napping at the at the start
off bit there and as you can see I
thought for a second I thought he wasn't
playing but it turns out he was but yeah
I mean he really is insane and look at
that from Rodrigo guys I I can't express
to you how important he is to this team
and how good he is in general and
ultimate team like I said he's in one of
my favorite non rare Spanish sighs and
he has four star skills which is good
because this team it doesn't have a ton
of skills but you know you have the
likes of varela who has four star of
Rodrigo who has four star I believe chef
friend also has four star skills so
that's a really nice attacking trio you
have there to have all three players
that are attacking and to have those
three star skills Danny in the midfield
has four star skills I believe Pirlo has
three I think and unfortunately been at
only has two star but seriously Benna is
actually a real hidden gem he is
seriously a solid player and definitely
one that I'd recommend and I lot of you
guys are probably like Cal you know I
have a lot of other BBVA players that
I'd much prefer to have into that have
been at but please do try them out at
least give them a go and if you don't
like them then you don't have to use him
because he is already a really cheap
player so there you're not going to lose
out in too many coins by buying him
let's talk a little bit about Pirlo
Pirlo is so great in this game and I
know this game does revolve a lot around
pace and you know you have to accept
that sort of thing when it comes to
ultimate team but there is a lot of room
for someone who can hold up the ball
play really good
hold up football who can pass the ball
really well in the team and set up goals
like the one for Rodrigo they're not to
mellow mention sorry i mentioned that
Pirlo can actually finish the ball
himself I've scored a couple goals with
him and in general he is actually as you
can see here is one of his goals so from
around the box he is so instrumental and
in a 433 formation like I was saying
earlier it is very important that you
have someone that can thread these balls
through to the winger's and also the
strikers so that's pretty much the team
it works out very well I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I hope you enjoyed
this particular squad builder um if
there aren't if there are certain things
you'd like me to go over when discussing
a certain squad then do let me know
because I am always trying to make my
videos better for you guys and I hope
you did enjoy this I know it's not a 99
chemistry team and as much as I wish it
was it feels just as good and it is such
a fun team to play with that's the best
way to describe this team just in
general a fun team to play with them one
that I'd happily play with in my spare
time and when I'm not recording for
videos and things of that I really enjoy
using this team and I think you guys
will too otherwise I wouldn't have shown
you the video or the team so I do hope
you guys enjoyed it and as always
leaving a like is very much appreciated
and I'll see you all in a little bit bye
bye